Add Scopes to Admin manual (#39)
decidim/documentation: en/modules/admin/pages/areas.adoc

= Areas

include::partial$deprecated.adoc[]

> An area is all the sectors that an Organization can have.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Areas are all the sectors that an Organization can have.
```
